Talking Pokemon With The Kids
Published on October 12, 2008.
I had a chat with my 8 and 6 year-old nephew and niece, respectively, this evening over the phone.
They’re really into Pokemon now.
What weirds me out is that I was playing Pokemon before they were even born!
Apparently there’s a lot more Pokemon around now.
I know the original 151 and some of the ones after that, and I have Pokemon Diamond (or is it Pearl), but seriously, there’s too many for me to remember.
My niece and nephew both have their own favorites.
One likes the scary legendary ones (I told him they look scary and he disagreed), Palkia, Dialga and some other ones.
And the other likes Togetic, the evolution of Togepi.
Yes, I remembered that!
Is it strange to have this much common ground with 8 and 6 year-olds?
I guess it’s kind of cool, but sad at the same time.
Pokemon is pretty freakin’ rad though, and I look forward to battling them at Christmas time when I see them.
Bulbasaur, I choose you!